1) What does O(n) mean? O(n^2) 
These are both methods to measure the growth of a algorithm. The first,
O(n) would describe a linear growth pattern. Essentially, the time an
algorithm with O(n) growth takes to complete, grows at a constant rate as n increases. An
example of an operation with O(n) growth would be searching through an
array for a specific piece of data. You start at array[0] and in the
worst case scenario you have check up to array[n] in order to find the
piece of data.
O(n^2) represents an algorithm with exponential growth. An examle of
this would be two nesting for loops that both start at 0 and have an
upper bound of n. For every number 0...n in the outer loop you have to search through 0...n
in the inner loop. This gives a growth rate of n^2.

2) Describe the Quick Sort algorithm
A quick sort algorithm can be imagined to work a lot like sorting
through a hand of cards. Imagine you have a hand of cards, in your left
hand you hold the cards that you've already sorted. In your right you
hold the cards that you still need to sort. You take one card from your
right hand and starting with the right most card in your left hand
compare it to every card until you find a card that it's less than, and
that's where you place the card. This continues until all cards have
been placed in the correct order. The quick sort algorithm has a growth
rate of O(n^2) because at the worst case scenario-a reverse sorted
group of data- you'll have to compare each piece of data to every other
piece of data.

3)In C, what is a pointer?
A pointer in C is an address to a memory location. This differs from a
variable because the pointer does not contain the actual data that is stored
in the specified memory location. It can be thought of in same manner as
a symbolic link on a linux or unix machine, or a shortcut on a windows
machine. The pointer can show you where that data resides but if you
delete the pointer that piece of data still exists.

4)What is the difference betweet stack and heap memory?
Stack memory is an allocated region of memory that is managed by the cpu
and is used for temporary fuction variables. It is a fast but limited
data storage location that does not need to be freed by the programmer
after use.
Heap memory is a larger unmanaged memory data location. Storage space in
the heap must be allocated and deallocated as needed by the program.

5)What is the purpose of a garbage collector?
A garbage collector is used to free memory when a program no longer
needs it. This usually is neccesary when a variable is dereferenced or
pointer is deleted.  These actions can leave a spot for a variable
allocated in memory without actually having a means of accessing that
data in the program.

